feat: add message content intent faq (#30)
DisnakeDev/guide: guide/docs/popular-topics/intents.mdx

# or
from disnake.ext import commands

bot = commands.Bot(command_prefix=commands.when_mentioned, intents=intents)
```

### Why do most messages have no content?

> As of April 30th 2022, Discord has blocked message content from being sent to bots that do not declare the :attr:`Intents.message_content` intent when connecting to discord.

Reviewer: Simply put, the Sphinx thingy wouldn't apply here.

```suggestion
As of April 30th 2022, Discord has blocked message content from being sent to bots that do not declare the <DocsLink reference="disnake.Intents.message_content">message_content</DocsLink> intent when connecting to discord.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/guide/pull/30/commits/4911d5fe2ed73f6fc0c12ef596a55c7ff93fc2b8

> If you are on version 2.4 or before, your bot will be able to access message content without the intent enabled in the code. However, as of version 2.5, it is required to enable :attr:`Intents.message_content` to receive message content over the gateway.

Reviewer: Again, Sphinx thingy.

```suggestion
If you are on version 2.4 or before, your bot will be able to access message content without the intent enabled in the code. However, as of version 2.5, it is required to enable <DocsLink reference="disnake.Intents.message_content">message_content</DocsLink> to receive message content over the gateway.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/guide/pull/30/commits/4911d5fe2ed73f6fc0c12ef596a55c7ff93fc2b8

# or
from disnake.ext import commands

bot = commands.Bot(command_prefix=commands.when_mentioned, intents=intents)
```

### Why do most messages have no content?

As of April 30th 2022, Discord has blocked message content from being sent to bots that do not declare the <DocsLink reference="disnake.Intents.message_content">message_content</DocsLink> intent when connecting to discord.

If you are on version 2.4 or before, your bot will be able to access message content without the intent enabled in the code. However, as of version 2.5, it is required to enable <DocsLink reference="disnake.Intents.message_content">message_content</DocsLink> to receive message content over the gateway.

> :::note
> 
> No matter which disnake version you use, you will be required to turn on the message_content intent in the [discord development portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

No matter which disnake version you use, you will be required to turn on the message_content intent in the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

:::
```
